The objective of the conference is to bring together young and senior academics, representatives from public organizations, companies, ngo’s and governments together with artists, designers and developers to discuss and create visions for online social networks in which privacy, security, and other user needs are addressed.
During the conference possible strategies for addressing privacy and security needs in online social networks will be explored by experts on these matters. Specifically, technical, social, educational and legal measures will be discussed that can be used to increase the accountability of social network sites in order to mitigate the “responsibilization” of end-users (SPION project) and to empower users (EMSOC project).
Content of Day 1 – 29 November 2012

At the first conference day panel members will discuss the pitfalls for social media users in relation to their privacy, the commodification of their personal data, uninformed consent strategies, the right to privacy, the protection of personal data and the (absence of a) right to be forgotten. Opportunities and risks related to social media use of minors will be discussed from various perspectives and regulatory challenges in this area will be identified.
Panel “Minors and social media: between protection and empowerment”

The aim of this panel is to provide various perspectives (legal, pedagogic, sociological) on social media use and privacy practices by minors and to identify opportunities, risks, challenges and innovative regulatory mechanisms to empower them

Speakers of this panel

Alice E. Marwick has a PhD from the Department of Media, Culture and Communication at New York University, a MA in Communication from the University of Washington, and a BA in Political Science and Women’s Studies from Wellesley College. Marwick has presented at more than 20 academic conferences and appears frequently in print media, including The New York Times, The American Prospect, The Guardian, BusinessWeek and Wired Magazine. She has been postdoctoral researcher in social media at Microsoft Research New England, where she worked closely with danah boyd, and collaborated with the Berkman Center for Internet and Society at Harvard Law School. Marwick has worked in the technology industry since 1995. She currently works at Fordham University, New York.

Simone van der Hof is professor of Law and the Information Society at Leiden University. Her particular academic interest is in the field of digital identities, digital child rights, (legal, social, technological) regulation of online child safety, empowerment of children, consumers and citizens through technology.

Ellen Wauters is PhD student at IBBT-ICRI K.U.Leuven and researches the multidimensional and inclusive regulatory strategies for media pluralism and the protection of minors in social media. 

Chair Eva Lievens has been a member of IBBT-ICRI‘s Communications Law department of K.U.Leuven since 2003. She obtained her PhD in law titled ‘Regulatory instruments for content regulation in digital media – A prospective study on the protection of minors against harmful content’ in June 2009. Other media law related research she is involved in deals with legal challenges posed by new communication phenomena, such as the regulation of audiovisual media services, user-generated content, and virtual and social networks. Eva regularly publishes, presents and lectures about her research interests, and is the assistant editor for the International Encyclopaedia of Laws – Media Law (edited by Prof. Peggy Valcke.

Discussant Peggy Valcke is a leading European expert on media and communications law. She is a full time research professor at the Catholic University of Leuven (K.U.Leuven), teaches media law at the Catholic University of Brussels (H.U.Brussel), and is visiting professor at the University of Tilburg. She is the current director of the Interdisciplinary Centre for Law & ICT (IBBT-ICRI), a research centre at the Faculty of Law of K.U.Leuven, specialized in legal aspects of the information society and one of the founding partners of the Interdisciplinary Institute for BroadBand Technology (IBBT).
Panel ”Living apart together? The propertisation of personal data, the right to privacy and the protection of personal data”

“If you’re not paying for it, you’re the product” has become a widespread buzz-phrase to refer to Facebook’s business model. Facebook offers people a service ‘for free’, collects information about them as they use that service and monetizes that information through advertising. A number of new start-ups might turn this model upside down however. Social networks like chime.in intend to give their users a 50 percent commission—or even let them sell their own ads and keep all the revenue. Such a model fits into a broader trend to see personal data as a currency or a property that can be stored in personal data vaults or ‘lockers’.

This session would address how vesting a property right in personal data may empower users of social media, and how such a right would relate to the conventional protection that is offered by traditional human rights law mechanisms. Are both rights uneasy bedfollows, or can they happily live (apart) together? Additionally, this session would explore which differences in opinion there exist on this topic across the Atlantic. Is the European data protection system for instance more or less receptive towards a property approach than the US legal system?”

Speakers of this panel

James B. Rule is a sociologist and writer based in Berkeley, California. He is Distinguished Affiliated Scholar at the Center for the Study of Law and Society, part of the UC Berkeley School of Law. He is author, co-author or editor of nine books and monographs. The latest are Privacy in Peril; How We Are Sacrificing a Fundamental Right in Exchange for Security and Convenience (Oxford University Press, 2007) and Global Privacy Protection; the First Generation, co-edited with Graham Greenleaf. His more general writings have appeared in Dissent, The New York Times Book Review, Commonweal, The Washington Monthly, The International Herald Tribune, etc.

Nadezhda Purtova is a postdoctoral researcher at the Department of European and Economic Law. Her primary field of expertise is European data protection law and interaction of law and technology. She obtained her PhD from Tilburg University under supervision of Prof. Corien Prins and Prof. Paul de Hert in February 2011 with a thesis “Property rights in personal data: a European perspective” (the University’s Best Dissertation Award 2010-2011). She is the author of a number of peer reviewed publications on the subject. Dr Purtova is currently working on the problem of accountability in data protection and the role of private actors in data protection policy making and compliance.

Sören Preibusch is a UK-based German researcher interested in the entire lifecycle of privacy policy negotiations. His work at the University of Cambridge ranges from empirically underpinned design and deployment of incentive-compatible data collection and processing schemes, to technical enforcement mechanisms at the level of information flow. His publications give an account of the supply and demand for data protection on the social Web and in electronic business.

Orla Lynskey holds a PhD from the London School of Economics (thesis title: the history of planning agreements as regulatory instruments in England and Wales) and an LLM from Cambridge University. She is a qualified and practising solicitor, a legal member of the Royal Town Planning Institute and teaches public law at the LSE.

Chair Mathias Vermeulen is a Research Fellow at the European University Institute (EUI) in Florence, Italy and  PhD student  at the Research Group on Law, Science, Technology & Society at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel. His research interests include counter-terrorism policies; the EU’s area of justice and home affairs; the impact of the use of new technologies on human rights, especially on the right to privacy; and accountability and oversight mechanisms of security agencies.

Discussant Serge Gutwirth is (since 2003) holder of a 10 year research fellowship in the framework of the VUB-Research contingent for his project ‘Sciences and the democratic constitutional state: a mutual transformation process’. Gutwirth founded and still chairs the VUB-Research group Law Science Technology & Society. He publishes widely in Dutch French and English and participates (inter)national and interdisciplinary research projects (FP6, FP7).. Gutwirth has been (co-)promoter of 8 publicly defended PhD’s and he has often been invited to be an external member of PhD-juries in other universities in Belgium and abroad. He is a member of several editorial boards of scientific journals.
Panel “Are there alternatives to the consensual exploitation on social media?“

The state of current affairs on the commodification of User Generated Content and personal information will be discussed for popular social media in order to raise ideas on how to change this in favor of the user. Experts from different disciplines e.g. user studies, computer studies and political economic research will focus on the alternatives for social media advertising business models.

Speakers of this panel

Trebor Scholz is a writer, media activist, and educator who lives and works in New York City. He is the founder of the Institute for Distributed Creativity (iDC mailing list). In 2004 he organized Free Cooperation: The Art of Online Collaboration (w Geert Lovink). In 2005 he facilitated Share, Share Widely and in 2006 Architecture and Situated Technologies (with Omar Khan, Mark Shepard). In 2007 Autonomedia published The Art of Free Cooperation of which he is the co-editor.

Solon Barocas is a doctoral student in the Department of Media, Culture, and Communication at New York University where I work with Helen Nissenbaum. He’s also a Student Fellow at the Information Law Institute at the School of Law and a member of the Institute’s Privacy Research Group. His dissertation research looks at the ethics of data mining, with a particular focus on its uses in strategic communication and its implications for privacy, autonomy, fairness, equality, solidarity, and public reason. His other research experience includes grant-supported work with Professor Nissenbaum on online behavioral advertising and facial recognition technology, and independent work on decision support systems in clinical medicine, model-building in economics and finance, microtargeting in political campaigns, and predictive data mining for counterterrorism.

Claudia Diaz is Assistant Professor at the COSIC research group of the Department of Electrical Engineering (ESAT) at the K.U.Leuven. She did her Ph.D. at COSIC supervised by Prof. Bart Preneel and Prof. Joos Vandewalle, and defended her doctoral thesis entitled Anonymity and Privacy in Electronic Services in December 2005. Before that, she obtained in 2000 her Master’s degree in Telecommunications Engineering at the University of Vigo (Spain). Between January and March 2009, she was a research visitor at the Computer Lab Security Group in Cambridge (UK). Since October 2009, she is supported by the National Fund for Scientific Research in Flanders (FWO).

Rob Heyman is PhD student at the User Empowerment Unit of the IBBT research center SMIT of Vrije Universiteit Brussel. He researches to what degree and how users and their privacy are being empowered or disempowered by social media. This research is part of the four year research project, EMSOC (User Empowerment in a Social Media Culture), wherein user empowerment through social media is researched in Flanders.

Chair: Jo Pierson is Senior Researcher at IBBT-SMIT since 1996 and holds a PhD in Communication Studies since 2003. He is professor at VUB and lectures bachelor and master courses. He coordinates the User Research cluster and the User Studies methods. He has been Researcher and Senior Researcher at SMIT – part of IBBT (Interdisciplinary Institute for Broadband Technology) – since 1996 and holds a PhD in Social Science (Media & Communication Studies) since 2003. He has been lecturing on undergraduate and masters courses at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel (Belgium) in the Department of Communication Studies (Faculty of Arts and Philosophy), covering socio-economic issues relating to the information society, digital media marketing and qualitative research methods.

Discussant Ike Picone is since April 2006 researcher at IBBT-SMIT Vrije Universiteit Brussel. His research focuses on user activity in a digital and social media environment. He specializes in qualitative user research, especially semi-experimental digital ethnography, with links to Living Labs, Proxy Technology Assessment and methods like in-depth/diary/expert/laddering interviews and focus groups. and is framed within the IWT-SBO project FLEET (FLEmish E-publishing Trends). His study on the participatory news practices of regular news users resulted in a PhD in september 2010. With his paper ‘Conceptualising Online News use’ he won the Junior Researcher Award at the COST 298 Conference The Good, the Bad and the Unexpected in Moscow, May 2007.
Content of Day 2 –  30 November 2012

On the second day of the conference socio-technical solutions are central to the debate. We will look at nudging as a design strategy, discuss how privacy and security can be integrated into design from the early conception of systems, and present concrete proposals for improving the privacy and security infrastructures of online social networks.
Panel “Security and privacy protection in Online Social Networks”

Privacy in social network is typically associated with the difficulty of configuring the settings so that the uploaded information does not become available to unintended audiences. There is however a wide range of security and privacy issues in these systems, as well as a diversity of technologies that have been proposed to improve the protection of their users. In this panel we will tackle the question of what it means to protect security and privacy in social networks. We will discuss the different types of threats, assumptions, adversarial models, security and privacy objectives, available technologies to achieve these objectives, as well as the limitations of these technologies.

The technologies that will be reviewed include: (1) enforcement of information flow security in browsers and how this improves the security of social apps; (2) content protection in social networks through the encryption of uploaded content; (3) dummy traffic strategies that prevent the analysis of interactions (traffic data) in social networks; (4) advanced access control policies for managing content in online social networks and accountability and auditing facilities for dealing with violations of trust amount online social network users; and (5) distributed social network architectures as an alternative to centralized online social network platforms.

Speakers of this panel

Refik Molva taught several courses on network security, applied cryptography, protocols and networking at EURECOM (a leading teaching and research institution in the fiels of information and communication technologies (ICT) in France). He currently is responsible for the Security track and the Master of Science in Communications and Computer Security at EURECOM. He also taught security and applied cryptography courses at the doctoral school on communications and in the postgraduate program at EPFL, in the networking and multimedia department of TELECOM Bretagne. He held several continued education sessions on network security with industrial companies such as IBM, HP and as part of the Cap-sesa Institut professional education seminars.

Frank Piessens is professor in the research group DistriNet (Distributed Systems and Computer Networks) at the Computer Science department of the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven. Since 1999, his main research interests are in the field of software security, where he focuses on the development of high-assurance techniques to deal with implementation-level software vulnerabilities and bugs, including techniques such as software verification, run-time monitoring, type systems and language based security. These techniques are relevant for many types of software systems, including web applications, embedded software, mobile applications and so forth.

Dave Clarke is a Professor at the Department of Computer Science of the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, where he is a member of the DistriNet (Distributed Systems and Computer Networks) research group. Dave Clarke has a PhD from the University of New South Wales in Sydney, Australia, and he continued his scientific career as a postdoctoral researcher in Utrecht University, and as a scientific staff member at the CWI in Amsterdam. In his PhD thesis, and in several influential ECOOP and OOPSLA publications, Dave has pioneered and further developed the notion of ownership types to control some of the bad effects of aliasing in object-oriented languages.

Claudia Diaz is Assistant Professor at the COSIC research group of the Department of Electrical Engineering (ESAT) at the K.U.Leuven. She did her Ph.D. at COSIC supervised by Prof. Bart Preneel and Prof. Joos Vandewalle, and defended her doctoral thesis entitled Anonymity and Privacy in Electronic Services in December 2005. Before that, she obtained in 2000 her Master’s degree in Telecommunications Engineering at the University of Vigo (Spain). Between January and March 2009, she was a research visitor at the Computer Lab Security Group in Cambridge (UK). Since October 2009, she is supported by the National Fund for Scientific Research in Flanders (FWO).

Chair: Bart Preneel is full professor (gewoon hoogleraar) in the research group COSIC of the Electrical Engineering Department of the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven. His main research area is information security. His research focuses on cryptographic algorithms and protocols as well as their applications to computer and network security and mobile communications. His favourite research topics are hash functions, MAC algorithms, stream ciphers and block ciphers. He is teaching cryptology, network security, coding theory, and discrete applied algebra at the K.U.Leuven. He has been visiting professor at the Technical University Denmark, the Ruhr Universitaet Bochum (Germany), the Graz University of Technology (Austria), the University of Bergen (Norway), and the Universiteit Gent (Belgium). In ’93-’94 he was a research fellow at the University of California at Berkeley.Bart Preneel contributed to the growth of COSIC, a research group in cryptology and its applications.

Discussant: Seda Gürses is currently a post-doc at COSIC/ESAT working on privacy in social networks, requirements engineering, privacy enhancing technologies and identity management systems. She is also part of the Privacy and Identity Management Group. She completed her PhD titled “Multilateral Privacy Requirements Analysis in Online Social Networks” at the Arenberg School in the group HMDB of the Computer Science Department also at the Catholic University in Leuven. Bettina Berendt and Bart Preneel were her supervisors. She is the coordinator of the interdisciplinary project “Security and Privacy in Social Networks” (SPION) supported by the Agency for Innovation by Science and Technology (IWT) in Belgium. She participates as a researcher in two EU projects “Trusted Architecture for Securely Shared Services” (TAS³) and “Global Identity Networking of Individuals” (GINI) where she does research on privacy and security requirements engineering.
Panel ‘The social shaping of privacy enhancing technology’

The key challenge of communication and media studies in the 21st century, is, or will be the disappearance of media (Deuze 2011). This proposition implies that from now on people will always be ‘online’, making the differentiation between offline and online world negligible. Through this process the online media environment becomes a given, as well as the underlying privacy assumptions as perceived by social network sites providers. This is problematic, because of a common trend where the responsibility is pushed towards the users, for whom it is difficult to question these new technologies.

In order to reverse this process of responsibilization, this panel takes up the task to look into the black box of social network sites. To gain insight the panel will focus on following topics. (1) The assumptions about system properties and understandings of characteristics of social network sites. (2) The relationship between technology and community and a socio-technical collaboration in the development of a new generation of privacy enhancing technologies. (3) The process of evaluating existing technologies.

Speakers of this panel

Airi lampinen is a researcher in the Social Interaction and Emotion (SIE) research group of Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT. (Member of the Ubiquitous Interaction group in 2007-2012.) Her PhD research focuses on the balancing of disclosure in social network services. She is interested in privacy, publicness, identities, and self-presentation. Her research investigates the strategies users of social network services adopt to cope with the challenges networked publics as a context pose to them. She is interested in how a balance with privacy and publicness is found under circumstances characterized by SNS users’ mutual dependence and how this balancing is related to identity and self-presentation. In her work, she aims at understanding SNS users’ practices for managing the privacy and publicness of both themselves and others. Her advisors are Antti Oulasvirta, Coye Cheshire, Anna-Maija Pirttilä-Backman from. Airi Lampinen is currently an intern at Microsoft Research’s Social Media Collective in Cambridge, Massachusetts.

Bettina Berendt is a professor in the Declarative Languages and Artificial Intelligence Group DTAI of the Department of Computer Science at K.U.Leuven. She studied business administration, economics, and artificial intelligence and computer science in Berlin, Cambridge, and Edinburgh (Diplom-Kauffrau 1991, M.Phil. 1988, and M.Sc. 1992). In 1998, she obtained a PhD in Computer Science from the Doctoral Program in Cognitive Science at Hamburg University. From 1996 until 2001, she was a researcher for the German Science Foundation project “Spatial Structures in Aspect Maps” at Hamburg University, the Interdisciplinary Research Group of Otto-von-Guericke-Universität Magdeburg, and at the Department of Pedagogy and Informatics at Humboldt. She has been with the Institute since 2001, first as a researcher, and since 2003 as an Assistant Professor.

Ralf De Wolf holds a master in Sociology from the Universiteit Gent. In his master thesis he studied sexual minorities and the meaning of their sexual identity. He also completed a degree in teaching. He is now working as a PhD researcher in the research centre IBBT-SMIT at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel. His Phd in Communication Studies focuses on the social aspects of security and privacy for social networksites. Key issues are offline and online communities, virtual identity, and the practices of social network users.

Seda Gürses is currently a post-doc at COSIC/ESAT working on privacy in social networks, requirements engineering, privacy enhancing technologies and identity management systems. She is also part of the Privacy and Identity Management Group. She completed her PhD titled “Multilateral Privacy Requirements Analysis in Online Social Networks” at the Arenberg School in the group HMDB of the Computer Science Department also at the Catholic University in Leuven. Bettina Berendt and Bart Preneel were her supervisors. She is the coordinator of the interdisciplinary project “Security and Privacy in Social Networks” (SPION) supported by the Agency for Innovation by Science and Technology (IWT) in Belgium. She participates as a researcher in two EU projects “Trusted Architecture for Securely Shared Services” (TAS³) and “Global Identity Networking of Individuals” (GINI) where she does research on privacy and security requirements engineering.

Chair: Shenja van der Graaf is a senior researcher and project leader at IBBT-SMIT of Vrije Universiteit Brussel. She is a visiting senior fellows at LSE, fellow at MIT Media Lab ID³ Hub, and a Futures of Entertainment fellow. Her current research is concerned with issues arising from innovations associated with the Future Internet. She is particularly intrigued by social, urban and organisational transformation and new technologies. Van der Graaf is a graduate of Utrecht University (MA, 1999) and the London School of Economics and Political Science (PhD, 2009). She was a Fellow at the Berkman Center for Internet and Society (Harvard) and the Research Center for Information Law (University of St. Gallen), a consulting researcher at Convergence Culture Consortium (MIT), an alumna of the Oxford Internet Institute, and worked as consultant for Hakuhodo in Tokyo.

Discussant: Deirdre Mulligan is a professor of law at the UC Berkeley School of Information and a Faculty Director of the Berkeley Center for Law and Technology, University of California. She was the founding director of the Samuelson Clinic, which she led from 2001-2008. Before coming to Boalt, she was staff counsel at the Center for Democracy & Technology in Washington. Professor Mulligan’s current research agenda focuses on information privacy and security. Current projects include qualitative interviews to understand the institutionalization and management of privacy within corporate America, and role of law in corporate information security policy and practice. Other areas of current research include digital rights management technology and privacy and security issues in sensor networks and visual surveillance systems, and alternative legal strategies to advance network security.
Panel “Behavioral economics and privacy nudging”


Speakers of this panel

Lorrie Faith Cranor is an Associate Professor of Computer Science and of Engineering and Public Policy at Carnegie Mellon University where she is director of the CyLab Usable Privacy and Security Laboratory (CUPS). She is also a co-founder of Wombat Security Technologies, Inc. She has authored over 100 research papers on online privacy, usable security, phishing, spam, electronic voting, anonymous publishing, and other topics. She has played a key role in building the usable privacy and security research community, having co-edited the seminal book Security and Usability (O’Reilly 2005) and founded the Symposium On Usable Privacy and Security (SOUPS). She also chaired the Platform for Privacy Preferences Project (P3P) Specification Working Group at the W3C and authored the book Web Privacy with P3P (O’Reilly 2002). She has served on a number of boards, including the Electronic Frontier Foundation Board of Directors, and on the editorial boards of several journals. In 2003 she was named one of the top 100 innovators 35 or younger by Technology Review magazine. She was previously a researcher at AT&T-Labs Research and taught in the Stern School of Business at New York University.

Sandra Petronio completed her B.A. in interdisciplinary social science from The State University of New York at Stony Brook. She received her M.A. in social psychology and a Ph.D. in communication from The University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, Mich. She has been a faculty member in the Department of Speech Communication at the University of Minnesota. For 14 years, she was a faculty member at Arizona State University in the Hugh Downs School of Human Communication before going to Department of Communication and School of Medicine at Wayne State University, Detroit, Mich. in 2000. At Arizona State University, Professor Petronio was the director of the Interdisciplinary Ph.D. program in communication and at Wayne State University. Professor Petronio’s area of research is in privacy, disclosure, and confidentiality. During the last 25 years, she has developed the ‘Communication Privacy Management’ theory, recently completing a book published by State University of New York Press entitled, ‘Boundaries of Privacy: Dialectics of Disclosure’ on this theory. S Professor Petronio has published five books, numerous articles in scholarly journals and books, served as a journal editor for the Western Journal of Communication as well as serving as editor for several special issues of Communication Research and the Journal of Applied Communication Research.

Adam Joinson is senior lecturer at the Centre for Information Management, University of Bath (UK). He completed a BSc (Psychology) at the University of London (1991), and a PhD (Social Psychology) at the University of Hertfordshire (1996). His research interests include self-disclosure on the Internet, survey methodology and educational technology. He is author of “Understanding the Psychology of Internet Behaviour” (Palgrave, 2003), as well as articles on computer-mediated communication, online research methods, personalization techniques and e-learning.

Chair: Seda Gürses is currently a post-doc at COSIC/ESAT working on privacy in social networks, requirements engineering, privacy enhancing technologies and identity management systems. She is also part of the Privacy and Identity Management Group. She completed her PhD titled “Multilateral Privacy Requirements Analysis in Online Social Networks” at the Arenberg School in the group HMDB of the Computer Science Department also at the Catholic University in Leuven. Bettina Berendt and Bart Preneel were her supervisors. She is the coordinator of the interdisciplinary project “Security and Privacy in Social Networks” (SPION) supported by the Agency for Innovation by Science and Technology (IWT) in Belgium. She participates as a researcher in two EU projects “Trusted Architecture for Securely Shared Services” (TAS³) and “Global Identity Networking of Individuals” (GINI) where she does research on privacy and security requirements engineering.

Discussant: Alessandro Acquisti is an Associate Professor of Information Technology and Public Policy at the Heinz College, Carnegie Mellon University, a member of Carnegie Mellon Cylab, and a fellow of the Ponemon Institute. His work investigates the economic and social impact of IT, and in particular the economics and behavioral economics of privacy and information security, as well as privacy in online social networks. His research in these areas has been disseminated through journals (including Proceedings of the National Academy of Science, Marketing Science, Marketing Letters, Information Systems Research, IEEE Security & Privacy, Journal of Comparative Economics, Rivista di Politica Economica, and so forth); edited books (“Digital Privacy: Theory, Technologies, and Practices.” Auerbach, 2007); book chapters; leading international conferences, and international keynotes. His findings have been featured in media outlets such as NPR, NBC, MSNBC.com, the Washington Post, the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal, the New Scientist, CNN, Fox News, and Bloomberg TV.
Program schedule

Conference Day 1 – 29 November 2012
09:00 Registration and Coffee
10:00 Panel “Minors and social media: between protection and empowerment”
12:00 Lunch
13:00 Panel “Living apart together? The propertisation of personal data, the right to privacy and the protection of personal data”
15:00 Break
15:30 Panel “Are there alternatives to the consensual exploitation on social media?”
17:30 End

Conference Day 2 – 30 November 2012
09:00 Registration and Coffee
10:00 Panel “Security in Social Networks”
12:00 Lunch
13:00 Panel ‘The social shaping of privacy enhancing technology’
15:00 Break
15:30 Panel “Behavioral economics and privacy nudging”
17:30 End
Conference Organizers

EMSOC (User Empowerment in SOCial media) & SPION (Security and Privacy in Online Social Networks)
Conference Venue

The Egg / 175, Rue Bara Straat- 1070 Brussels

How to get there:
Tramway: 32/ 81 / 82 / 83 stop “Avenue du roi”.
Bus: 49 – 50 stop “Avenue du roi”
Bus: 78, stop “Vétérinaires”.
Metro: Stop “Gare du Midi/Zuidstation”
Conference Hotel

The invited conference speakers will stay in Hotel BLOOM!. Conference participants can also book at Bloom for (to be defined) euro’s per night. Reaching Hotel BLOOM! is easy. The hotel is located beside the Brussels’ inner ring road and adjacent to the beautiful Botanical Gardens. Metro line 2 or 6 from the South Station (of the conference location) leads to Botanique

 
When?

29-11-2012 - 30-11-2012
Where?

The Egg
Barastraat 175
1070 Brussel
België

    print
    mail
    twitter
    Facebook
    LinkedIn

Registration fee

one day €49 two days €89
Register Please register with your billing information at hand.


