The objective of the conference is to bring together young and senior academics, representatives from public organizations, companies, ngo’s and governments together with artists, designers and developers to discuss and create visions for online social networks in which privacy, security, and other user needs are addressed.
During the conference possible strategies for addressing privacy and security needs in online social networks will be explored by experts on these matters. Specifically, technical, social, educational and legal measures will be discussed that can be used to increase the accountability of social network sites in order to mitigate the “responsibilization” of end-users (SPION project) and to empower users (EMSOC project).
Content of Day 1 – 29 November 2012

At the first conference day panel members will discuss the pitfalls for social media users in relation to their privacy, the commodification of their personal data, uninformed consent strategies, the right to privacy, the protection of personal data and the (absence of a) right to be forgotten. Opportunities and risks related to social media use of minors will be discussed from various perspectives and regulatory challenges in this area will be identified.
Panel “Minors and social media: between protection and empowerment”

The aim of this panel is to provide various perspectives (legal, pedagogic, sociological) on social media use and privacy practices by minors and to identify opportunities, risks, challenges and innovative regulatory mechanisms to empower them






“If you’re not paying for it, you’re the product” has become a widespread buzz-phrase to refer to Facebook’s business model. Facebook offers people a service ‘for free’, collects information about them as they use that service and monetizes that information through advertising. A number of new start-ups might turn this model upside down however. Social networks like chime.in intend to give their users a 50 percent commission—or even let them sell their own ads and keep all the revenue. Such a model fits into a broader trend to see personal data as a currency or a property that can be stored in personal data vaults or ‘lockers’.

This session would address how vesting a property right in personal data may empower users of social media, and how such a right would relate to the conventional protection that is offered by traditional human rights law mechanisms. Are both rights uneasy bedfollows, or can they happily live (apart) together? Additionally, this session would explore which differences in opinion there exist on this topic across the Atlantic. Is the European data protection system for instance more or less receptive towards a property approach than the US legal system?”




The state of current affairs on the commodification of User Generated Content and personal information will be discussed for popular social media in order to raise ideas on how to change this in favor of the user. Experts from different disciplines e.g. user studies, computer studies and political economic research will focus on the alternatives for social media advertising business models.







On the second day of the conference socio-technical solutions are central to the debate. We will look at nudging as a design strategy, discuss how privacy and security can be integrated into design from the early conception of systems, and present concrete proposals for improving the privacy and security infrastructures of online social networks.
Panel “Security and privacy protection in Online Social Networks”

Privacy in social network is typically associated with the difficulty of configuring the settings so that the uploaded information does not become available to unintended audiences. There is however a wide range of security and privacy issues in these systems, as well as a diversity of technologies that have been proposed to improve the protection of their users. In this panel we will tackle the question of what it means to protect security and privacy in social networks. We will discuss the different types of threats, assumptions, adversarial models, security and privacy objectives, available technologies to achieve these objectives, as well as the limitations of these technologies.

The technologies that will be reviewed include: (1) enforcement of information flow security in browsers and how this improves the security of social apps; (2) content protection in social networks through the encryption of uploaded content; (3) dummy traffic strategies that prevent the analysis of interactions (traffic data) in social networks; (4) advanced access control policies for managing content in online social networks and accountability and auditing facilities for dealing with violations of trust amount online social network users; and (5) distributed social network architectures as an alternative to centralized online social network platforms.
