Alice E. Marwick has a PhD from the Department of Media, Culture and Communication at New York University, a MA in Communication from the University of Washington, and a BA in Political Science and Women’s Studies from Wellesley College. Marwick has presented at more than 20 academic conferences and appears frequently in print media, including The New York Times, The American Prospect, The Guardian, BusinessWeek and Wired Magazine. She has been postdoctoral researcher in social media at Microsoft Research New England, where she worked closely with danah boyd, and collaborated with the Berkman Center for Internet and Society at Harvard Law School. Marwick has worked in the technology industry since 1995. She currently works at Fordham University, New York.

Simone van der Hof is professor of Law and the Information Society at Leiden University. Her particular academic interest is in the field of digital identities, digital child rights, (legal, social, technological) regulation of online child safety, empowerment of children, consumers and citizens through technology.

Ellen Wauters is PhD student at IBBT-ICRI K.U.Leuven and researches the multidimensional and inclusive regulatory strategies for media pluralism and the protection of minors in social media. 

Chair Eva Lievens has been a member of IBBT-ICRI‘s Communications Law department of K.U.Leuven since 2003. She obtained her PhD in law titled ‘Regulatory instruments for content regulation in digital media – A prospective study on the protection of minors against harmful content’ in June 2009. Other media law related research she is involved in deals with legal challenges posed by new communication phenomena, such as the regulation of audiovisual media services, user-generated content, and virtual and social networks. Eva regularly publishes, presents and lectures about her research interests, and is the assistant editor for the International Encyclopaedia of Laws – Media Law (edited by Prof. Peggy Valcke.

Discussant Peggy Valcke is a leading European expert on media and communications law. She is a full time research professor at the Catholic University of Leuven (K.U.Leuven), teaches media law at the Catholic University of Brussels (H.U.Brussel), and is visiting professor at the University of Tilburg. She is the current director of the Interdisciplinary Centre for Law & ICT (IBBT-ICRI), a research centre at the Faculty of Law of K.U.Leuven, specialized in legal aspects of the information society and one of the founding partners of the Interdisciplinary Institute for BroadBand Technology (IBBT).
Panel ”Living apart together? The propertisation of personal data, the right to privacy and the protection of personal data”




James B. Rule is a sociologist and writer based in Berkeley, California. He is Distinguished Affiliated Scholar at the Center for the Study of Law and Society, part of the UC Berkeley School of Law. He is author, co-author or editor of nine books and monographs. The latest are Privacy in Peril; How We Are Sacrificing a Fundamental Right in Exchange for Security and Convenience (Oxford University Press, 2007) and Global Privacy Protection; the First Generation, co-edited with Graham Greenleaf. His more general writings have appeared in Dissent, The New York Times Book Review, Commonweal, The Washington Monthly, The International Herald Tribune, etc.

Nadezhda Purtova is a postdoctoral researcher at the Department of European and Economic Law. Her primary field of expertise is European data protection law and interaction of law and technology. She obtained her PhD from Tilburg University under supervision of Prof. Corien Prins and Prof. Paul de Hert in February 2011 with a thesis “Property rights in personal data: a European perspective” (the University’s Best Dissertation Award 2010-2011). She is the author of a number of peer reviewed publications on the subject. Dr Purtova is currently working on the problem of accountability in data protection and the role of private actors in data protection policy making and compliance.

Sören Preibusch is a UK-based German researcher interested in the entire lifecycle of privacy policy negotiations. His work at the University of Cambridge ranges from empirically underpinned design and deployment of incentive-compatible data collection and processing schemes, to technical enforcement mechanisms at the level of information flow. His publications give an account of the supply and demand for data protection on the social Web and in electronic business.

Orla Lynskey holds a PhD from the London School of Economics (thesis title: the history of planning agreements as regulatory instruments in England and Wales) and an LLM from Cambridge University. She is a qualified and practising solicitor, a legal member of the Royal Town Planning Institute and teaches public law at the LSE.

Chair Mathias Vermeulen is a Research Fellow at the European University Institute (EUI) in Florence, Italy and  PhD student  at the Research Group on Law, Science, Technology & Society at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel. His research interests include counter-terrorism policies; the EU’s area of justice and home affairs; the impact of the use of new technologies on human rights, especially on the right to privacy; and accountability and oversight mechanisms of security agencies.

Discussant Serge Gutwirth is (since 2003) holder of a 10 year research fellowship in the framework of the VUB-Research contingent for his project ‘Sciences and the democratic constitutional state: a mutual transformation process’. Gutwirth founded and still chairs the VUB-Research group Law Science Technology & Society. He publishes widely in Dutch French and English and participates (inter)national and interdisciplinary research projects (FP6, FP7).. Gutwirth has been (co-)promoter of 8 publicly defended PhD’s and he has often been invited to be an external member of PhD-juries in other universities in Belgium and abroad. He is a member of several editorial boards of scientific journals.
Panel “Are there alternatives to the consensual exploitation on social media?“




Trebor Scholz is a writer, media activist, and educator who lives and works in New York City. He is the founder of the Institute for Distributed Creativity (iDC mailing list). In 2004 he organized Free Cooperation: The Art of Online Collaboration (w Geert Lovink). In 2005 he facilitated Share, Share Widely and in 2006 Architecture and Situated Technologies (with Omar Khan, Mark Shepard). In 2007 Autonomedia published The Art of Free Cooperation of which he is the co-editor.

Solon Barocas is a doctoral student in the Department of Media, Culture, and Communication at New York University where I work with Helen Nissenbaum. He’s also a Student Fellow at the Information Law Institute at the School of Law and a member of the Institute’s Privacy Research Group. His dissertation research looks at the ethics of data mining, with a particular focus on its uses in strategic communication and its implications for privacy, autonomy, fairness, equality, solidarity, and public reason. His other research experience includes grant-supported work with Professor Nissenbaum on online behavioral advertising and facial recognition technology, and independent work on decision support systems in clinical medicine, model-building in economics and finance, microtargeting in political campaigns, and predictive data mining for counterterrorism.

Claudia Diaz is Assistant Professor at the COSIC research group of the Department of Electrical Engineering (ESAT) at the K.U.Leuven. She did her Ph.D. at COSIC supervised by Prof. Bart Preneel and Prof. Joos Vandewalle, and defended her doctoral thesis entitled Anonymity and Privacy in Electronic Services in December 2005. Before that, she obtained in 2000 her Master’s degree in Telecommunications Engineering at the University of Vigo (Spain). Between January and March 2009, she was a research visitor at the Computer Lab Security Group in Cambridge (UK). Since October 2009, she is supported by the National Fund for Scientific Research in Flanders (FWO).

Rob Heyman is PhD student at the User Empowerment Unit of the IBBT research center SMIT of Vrije Universiteit Brussel. He researches to what degree and how users and their privacy are being empowered or disempowered by social media. This research is part of the four year research project, EMSOC (User Empowerment in a Social Media Culture), wherein user empowerment through social media is researched in Flanders.

Chair: Jo Pierson is Senior Researcher at IBBT-SMIT since 1996 and holds a PhD in Communication Studies since 2003. He is professor at VUB and lectures bachelor and master courses. He coordinates the User Research cluster and the User Studies methods. He has been Researcher and Senior Researcher at SMIT – part of IBBT (Interdisciplinary Institute for Broadband Technology) – since 1996 and holds a PhD in Social Science (Media & Communication Studies) since 2003. He has been lecturing on undergraduate and masters courses at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel (Belgium) in the Department of Communication Studies (Faculty of Arts and Philosophy), covering socio-economic issues relating to the information society, digital media marketing and qualitative research methods.

Discussant Ike Picone is since April 2006 researcher at IBBT-SMIT Vrije Universiteit Brussel. His research focuses on user activity in a digital and social media environment. He specializes in qualitative user research, especially semi-experimental digital ethnography, with links to Living Labs, Proxy Technology Assessment and methods like in-depth/diary/expert/laddering interviews and focus groups. and is framed within the IWT-SBO project FLEET (FLEmish E-publishing Trends). His study on the participatory news practices of regular news users resulted in a PhD in september 2010. With his paper ‘Conceptualising Online News use’ he won the Junior Researcher Award at the COST 298 Conference The Good, the Bad and the Unexpected in Moscow, May 2007.
Content of Day 2 –  30 November 2012
